Update Chapter-9-Item-58-Prefer-for-each-loops-to-traditional-for-loo… (#100)
clxering/Effective-Java-3rd-edition-Chinese-English-bilingual: Chapter-9/Chapter-9-Item-58-Prefer-for-each-loops-to-traditional-for-loops.md

These idioms are better than while loops (Item 57), but they aren’t perfect. The iterator and the index variables are both just clutter—all you need are the elements. Furthermore, they represent opportunities for error. The iterator occurs three times in each loop and the index variable four, which gives you many chances to use the wrong variable. If you do, there is no guarantee that the compiler will catch the problem. Finally, the two loops are quite different, drawing unnecessary attention to the type of the container and adding a (minor) hassle to changing that type.

> 这些习惯用法比 while 循环更好（[Item-57](https://github.com/clxering/Effective-Java-3rd-edition-Chinese-English-bilingual/blob/master/Chapter-9/Chapter-9-Item-57-Minimize-the-scope-of-local-variables.md)），但是它们并不完美。迭代器和索引变量都很混乱（你只需要元素）。此外，它们有出错的可能。迭代器在每个循环中出现三次，索引变量出现四次，这使得有很多机会使用到错误的变量。如果这样做，就不能保证编译器会捕捉到问题。最后，这两个循环区别很大，还需要额外注意内部的参数类型，更改类型也更麻烦。

Reviewer: 感谢建议~

在此基础上我做了一些补充和修改：
- the type of the container 我认为译作「容器类型」比较恰当，特指第一个例子当中的 `Iterator<Element>`。在这个例子的情况下，与 `for-each` 相比，是一种不必要引入的额外类型。
- 类型转换的「小麻烦」应该是指 `Element e = i.next();` 这个部分，可能会出现强制转换的情况，暂时没想到合适的例子。

以上观点，欢迎进一步提出意见。
```suggestion
这些习惯用法比 while 循环更好（[Item-57](https://github.com/clxering/Effective-Java-3rd-edition-Chinese-English-bilingual/blob/master/Chapter-9/Chapter-9-Item-57-Minimize-the-scope-of-local-variables.md)），但是它们并不完美。迭代器和索引变量都很混乱（你只需要元素）。此外，它们有出错的可能。迭代器在每个循环中出现三次，索引变量出现四次，这使得有很多机会使用到错误的变量。如果这样做，就不能保证编译器会捕捉到问题。最后，这两个循环区别很大，（第一个例子）还需要额外注意容器类型，这也会增加类型转换带来的小麻烦。
```

Author: （第一个例子）还需要额外注意容器类型，并给类型转换增加小麻烦。这样是不是简洁一点。

Reviewer: OK~

Author: OK
